---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/01 GM/Campaigns/The Arendur Rising Campaign/Handouts/Cutscenes/Cutscene 5 - old dogs/","tags":["cutscene","mellik","fulcrum-guild","faustus","arendur","Arendur"]}
---


The old dwarf was going about his business in the Azure market, spices, how he loved his spices. A casual thought in the back of his mind commented how that might have influenced his business, how it might have made him partial to the Fulcrum guild. Mellik took stock and thought it time to head back again, then as he turned Brumor's voice rang in his mind. A magical sending, Red Hand army on the offensive, Dragons. "How many?" he instinctively thought back.

His face set itself in a grim determined look, he straighted his clothes and considered his options. Perhaps it was time to pick up his old trade, retirement had been sweet and brokering deals for adventurous companies had been alot of fun for him. Maybe it was time to see how much of his old network was still alive. He did not quite have the ear of any officials, but he could start by getting the lay of the political landscape. "Who knows, might even have to get ol' Delilah out again." Mellik grined a most vicious and sinister smile, a few people hustling by looked alarmed and a few of those even considered locating a city watch member.

Both of Melliks hands began brushing back his thick set of hair as the cogs of his mind began twirling. He had not bothered much with the ins and outs of the families of Arendur for a long time, a job was a job and you just worked to get the most out of them as you could, people who asked why rarely got a new job. Two busybodies approached him, young pubs fancily dressed like peacocks going to war. The youths was clearly impressed by themselves, most likely fancied they could duel death itself. "Ohoy master dwarf, you've been summoned" one of them addressed him with a hint of arrogance. "Is that so boy?" he replied gruffly. "Dont sulk old man, Faustus wants to see you as soon as you're able, thats all" the youth was apparently not so thick as first impressions would have had Mellik believe. "He can meet me at me office as usual" Mellik replied and began walking away. "But sir, that wont do at all, he needs you to come right away. If you please". Oh well, Mellik thought to himself, Faustus had provided him made jobs over the years and began following along with the two young peacocks. Though, his right hand did seek out and confirm the presence of his hidden dagger.

On his way back from his meeting with Faustus from the Fulcrum guild, Mellik stopped by an old drinking place. He ordered a strong ale and handed the bartender a piece of gold in the shape of a triangle with snipped tips. Soon after a half-orc sat beside him and gruffed an innocent greeting to a stranger and Mellik replied something kin to "atleast its not raining". Mellik had re-opened an old line of communication, hopefully he was not blacklisted.
