---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/the-shadow-company/bible/player-vault/3-secrets-revealed/","title":"+Secrets Revealed"}
---

#secrets
# +Secrets Revealed

- [x] (Pillar in Raven KingTomb) the various text blocks are identical, it seems to be the same thing repeated. It is written in Infernal. #secretsrevealed ✅ 2022-12-21
- [x] (Pillar in Raven KingTomb) "I, Sedus Varius, swear the Raven oath. To serve law, battle chaos and strive to keep the raven king secret. We are Loz Tdrot." #secretsrevealed ✅ 2022-12-21
- [x] Raven kings sword [[14 Locations/Ursia/Bedegaarn Barony/Misty falls/Raven king tomb/horror the sword\|horror the sword]] is not the sword sealing the gate. ✅ 2022-06-01 #secretsrevealed
- [x] The Raven Kings sword "horror" was lost to him when he did battle on the other side of the gate. #secretsrevealed ✅ 2022-12-21
- [x] Bittersweet lovers anticipation, is a Celestial elf, a true elf, from before the laws of time was imposed upon the world. ✅ 2022-12-21 #secretsrevealed
- [x] Bittersweet lovers anticipation is an agent of Chaos, as are all true elves and more often than not their spawn. ✅ 2022-12-21 #secretsrevealed
- [x] The Raven kings sword is on the other side of the gate. ✅ 2022-06-01 #secretsrevealed
- [x] the sword sealing the gate is nicknamed "Bittersweet lovers anticipation's holy avenger" #secretsrevealed
- [x] The Sword links the tomb to the obelisk and it's chains seals the doors ✅ 2022-06-01 #secretsrevealed
- [x] The tomb of the raven king powers the Obelisk so it can keep the gate shut permanently ✅ 2022-06-01 #secretsrevealed
- [x] the raven king was rumoured to have used the [[Codex Mortis\|Codex Mortis]] #secretsrevealed
- [x] there is a secret vault in the raven kings tomb ✅ 2022-06-01 #secretsrevealed
- [x] aberrations cannot leave the tomb ✅ 2022-05-20  #secretsrevealed
- [x] Raven king sealed a gate to another realm  #secretsrevealed
- [x] The tomb was constructed to function as a lock for the gate #secretsrevealed
- [x] Aberrations were trapped on this side of the gate, #secretsrevealed
- [x] Aberrations cannot leave the tomb while the Raven king is doing his thing #secretsrevealed
- [x] The Raven King has/had the [[Codex Mortis\|Codex Mortis]]  #secretsrevealed
- [x] The Raven King summoned THE death knight with the Codex Mortis to fight the aberration gate invasion #secretsrevealed
- [x] The Gate is sealed by 3 things, the raven kings tomb, the sword "horror" & chains, and the obelisk #secretsrevealed
- [x] The crystaline orrery is 1 of 2 parts to opening the secret statue in the main fake tomb. #secretsrevealed
- [x] [[04 Factions/the charnel house\|the charnel house]] simply wants loot?  #secretsrevealed
- [x] The mosaic on the opposite side of the wall to the Orerry room has a torch sconce with a non-burning torch in it. If the torch is replaced the wall swings open. There is a button in the bottom of the sonce. #secretsrevealed
- [x] Some 1500 years ago give or take, Vampire lords and LichQueens ruled an empire, [[16 Setting/Azarumme empire\|Azarumme]], of blood and decadence #secretsrevealed ✅ 2022-12-21




Related: [[Prep next/02 Old sessions notes/Logged - Session 29\|Logged - Session 29]]
[[03 People/Sir Claudio\|Sir Claudio]] knight of the black lilly, knight of [[14 Locations/Ursia/Bedegaarn Barony/Hexton regent of Bedegaarn\|baron hexton]] regent of bedegarn.
[[the Clock\|the Clock]] is a band of saborteurs and criminals, traitors to the throne, insurgents and rebels.
[[03 People/Sir Claudio\|Sir Claudio]]'s soldiers wear black and red armor with black scarfs covering their lower face attached to their helmets.
The soldiers of the Ashtree knight seem very professional.
"Sabrak Thurlagh" dwarven shame motto, "flawed one in the field of broken dreams"
Halfling peddler on her way to teslions & steelkeep
Elf woman, rider of the white [[No Graph/5e Reference/monsters/Owlbear\|owlbear]], is looking for the druid [[03 People/Avarthel\|Avarthel]] from [[Teslions\|Teslions]]
[[03 People/Lord Davide\|Lord Davide]] is member of the kings intelligence gathering organisation [[04 Factions/The Cautier School\|The Cautier School]]


Related: [[Prep next/02 Old sessions notes/Logged -  Session 28\|Logged -  Session 28]]
[[03 People/Duke Armatage Volantis\|Duke Armatage Volantis]] was known as the [[03 People/Duke Armatage Volantis\|Black eagle knight]] 
The duke had a fey wife.
A strange construct TIME does not like time meddling
The mausoleum changed
[[14 Locations/Ursia/Bedegaarn Barony/Misty falls/Fallen star inn\|Fallen star inn]] - owlbears have wings?!


Related: [[Prep next/02 Old sessions notes/Logged - Session 27\|Logged - Session 27]]
3.  [Warchief Saarvith](app://obsidian.md/Warchief%20Saarvith) is very loose with his underlings, believes his dragon does all the intimidation for him. He lacks courage when the dragon is not near.~~
4.  The old wizard[[03 People/Nails\|Nails]] at [[14 Locations/Ursia/Bedegaarn Barony/Misty falls/Karou's Bakke\|Karou's Bakke]]has not been seen or heard for several months now. Usually once a month is normal. His tower is known as [Askagars spire](app://obsidian.md/Askagars%20spire).
5. [Prior Thorne](app://obsidian.md/Prior%20Thorne) is an imposter, 

Related: [[Prep next/02 Old sessions notes/Logged - Session 26\|Logged - Session 26]]
1.  Death Squad is working for [[03 People/jawbreaker\|jawbreaker]] 

Session 25
Session 24
[[16 Setting/Azarumme empire\|Azarumme]] an ancient vampire empire 1400 years ago
[[16 Setting/Azarumme empire\|Azarumme]] was ruled by vampires and lich queens
A dwarven group seemingly merchants visited the monestary, sold the prior an emerald necklace.
One of the victims of the ghouls was the noble son [[Bartolo Duarte\|Bartolo Duarte]] of [[04 Factions/House Duarte\|House Duarte]]
	- silver ring, dark blue stone with eagle head engraved in silver

Session 23
Session 22
Session 21
Session 20
Session 19
Session 18
Session 17
Session 16
Session 15
Session 14
Session 13
Session 12
Session 11
Session 10

Sessions #5-9  
-The goblins have shamans  
-An elf maiden wizard keeps company with the goblins  
-A dragon key was found in a stone chair  
-there is a broken down wall that exits into the underdark, the kobolds might have come through here  
-the caved in floor reveals yet another doorway fully closed off by strange plant life (north)  
-A bronze dragonborn has been kapt imprisoned atleast 90 years, ‘[[03 People/Copper\|Copper]]’, member of the 33rd [[04 Factions/Shadow Company\|shadow company]] from the Thunderclap wing  
-the leader of the goblins in the [[14 Locations/Ursia/Bedegaarn Barony/Blackwood/sunken citadel\|sunken citadel]] is [[warchief ratbag\|warchief ratbag]]  
-the shamans was interrested in “the female”  
-Ratbag called out for Sunkiller during the big fight, sunkiller did not appear  
-Ratbag thought he had killed [[03 People/Playercharacters/Brumor stålfod\|Brumor]] once before  
-The goblins in the citadel are not the only ones, an army is gathering  
-The woman Misante was taken to the [[blackspear castle\|blackspear castle]] ruins  
-Meg evil eye is aiding the goblins as a favor to her disciple [[Stormshadow\|Stormshadow]]  
-[[03 People/Playercharacters/Assumi Avalande\|Assumi]] was revealed to be an half-elf and the elven wizard was horrified by it  
-RATBAG NOTES N MAP  
-A huge goblinoid army is massing and planning to invade Ursia and besiege [[14 Locations/Ursia/Arendur/Arendur\|Arendur]]  
-the goblin warlocks can open portals to feywild, where giants of some kind are waiting  
-one of the “masters” is named [[Bitarra\|Bitarra]]

session #4  
-Some doors are closed off by a magical plant,  
-the hag coven
{ #Daughters}
 Of Meg doesnt live in the citadel,  
-The
{ #Daughters}
 Of Meg controls @[[Sunkiller\|Sunkiller]] whom the goblins fear, its a “her”.  
-The goblins exterminated a [[kobold colony\|kobold colony]] and stole their dragon.  
-The dragon was a green dragon and was the pet dragon of @[[Meepo-theDragonKeeper\|Meepo-theDragonKeeper]].  
-The goblin army mainly lives on the next layer down,  
-Their goblin warlocks wear purple robes there are 4 of them here,  
-There is a tree named [[Gulthias\|Gulthias]],  
-There are 30+ goblins in the citadel,  
-all the !kobold women and children and men were killed by the goblins.  
-The [[Ogre plant hybrids\|Ogre plant hybrids]] were all branded on the their left cheek  
-The first personal armoury had a name plate Dragon Officer @[[Talarn the dreadless\|Talarn the dreadless]]  
-The second personal armoury had a name plate  
-Some rooms have been magically warded  
-Some rooms are locked and can be opened by a set of skeleton keys the Company has recovered  
-At least one room was locked with Arcane lock (Dragon door)  
-the majority of depictions of dragons has their horns in the fashion of red dragons  
-There is another “hole in the citadels walls” which the goblins appear to use  
-there were no female prisoners

Sessin #3  
-Another adventuring party has been investigating goblin presence in the southern woods before the mountains, a merchant house in [[14 Locations/Ursia/Arendur/Arendur\|Arendur]] (who controls the spice market) wants -the [[04 Factions/Crimson Company\|crimson company]] to see if there is a connection between the goblins just outside [[14 Locations/Ursia/Arendur/Arendur\|Arendur]] and the ones found in the southern woods.  
-They will also pay handsomely for goblin trophies brought back that can be put on display  
-A dwarf alchemist is on expedition in the underdark, searching for exotic crystals, he has set up [[CampOxbar\|CampOxbar]], which was assaulted by ghouls and a spectre.  
-The [[04 Factions/Crimson Company\|crimson company]] saved the camp and can now use it for training and has earned a loyal ally in Oxbar.  
-The [[14 Locations/Ursia/Bedegaarn Barony/Blackwood/sunken citadel\|sunken citadel]] is overgrown with corrupted nature, causing difficult terrain everywhere  
-The citadel has a secret dragon door which led to a tomb of an elf turned troll.

Session #1 – #2  
-Oozes bust out of victims stomach  
-Mercenaries was hired to retrieve goblin statue from a nearby wood.  
-Mercenaries hired farmers son in law to do it  
-goblins retrieved the statue from the farm and cursed the boy with [[gutbuster ooze\|gutbuster ooze]]  
-[[BlackDagger Mercenaries\|BlackDagger Mercenaries]] camp was assaulted and all killed, by goblins, contract left behind  
-Contract was put up by someone named [[Jenkins\|Jenkins]]  
-Goblins in the caves were of the Red Hands army, who had invaded the dwarven halls 5 years ago.  
-The goblins had left the main force, over confident and eager in spreading the corruption of Meg evil eye.  
-The goblin warlock left behind a portal project  
-someone named the [[daughters of meg\|daughters of meg]] are behind the goblins  
-The goblin boss in the nearby caves has a trophy necklace with 20 human soldier dogtags  
-Red Hand goblins favor wolves and cutter-netter tactics  
-The statue has a connection to the feydark in the feywild realms  
-a ranger discovered the statue and goblin caves, she was caught and sacrificed to Meg evil eye  
-the statue has references to [[Mag Tureah\|Mag Tureah]] an ancient stronghold in the feydark, rumoured to contain many portals and under the control of the Fomorian King  
-the Blackdagger mercenaries came from [[Kvalec\|Kvalec]]  
-New postings at [[04 Factions/The Lodge\|the lodge]] include jobs to locate missing courriers and merchants that travels to and from Akacia.  
-[[Misante Zardanti\|Misante Zardanti]]’s necklace was found in the goblin caves  
-Misante was heading down south to visit an uncle  
-[[04 Factions/House Zardanti\|House Zardanti]] is a minor house in support of a greater noble house that administers the trade portal to Northkeep.  
-The ranger found dead in the caves had a large [[bear tattoo\|bear tattoo]] on her back, it could be connected to a ranger society, she also had a [[wooden octagong\|wooden octagong]] the size of a large coin.  
-The goblin warlock escaped the caves  - now dead - moth wings 
-The goblin boss had a [[drawing of a shield\|drawing of a shield]]  - came back - now dead Krazkar
-In the goblin caves was a small pool of water with wet tracks leading into the cave they used for prisoners  
-when the [[04 Factions/Crimson Company\|crimson company]] were in the caves fighting goblins, they overheard a wet rasping voice talking a strange language with the boss and warlock.